hello how about my name is fernando veloz
and once again I took on the task of
find who will be or may be the
next our beauty that gm 2013 by
that we continue visiting universities the
today it's on campus there's nothing
what do you think we are going to find some
girl or someone who tells us who
let's go that ends up here against someone
that I think he wants to denounce
a girl a beautiful girl that gives me more
of about 68 and having more 18 years of
age knows some very different names
names we are looking for next
our beauty that gm not like that i know
several girl friends sister cousins
nothing more a friend than that of my face
and the names and we will seek it
call alejandra maldonado
1919 to look for it they already listened tell me your
name again
Alejandro Maldonado we are looking for you
to you maybe the bridge room but now
We are looking for
next our beauty cajeme
we want to see if you know have
a family friend who studies
here who who
Well, look, I know a girl who
Llama capella rábago
Carla Campos has already participated in our
life is a cajeme 2012 is from the group of
participants but maybe you have more
friend is not called diana rubin diana
roaring when the surname
If you are not seeing what they are denouncing
so that you participate in this great
beauty pageant thanks to nobody else
is denouncing nereida is
denouncing a biomass sitting at its
side and excuse me cadiz what is your
full name ana gabriela peña how much
You measure 60 76 with dreams you have and you study
business administration very well
is going to say something you meet all the
medium requirements get up with me for
that we believe that it measures about 70 and 76
I took it from almost my flight but you ana
gaby you meet all the requirements
to make a quantity of our
beauty you would like to participate as such
Once I am in the open I am 19
years and study
very good with that with that I'm in
facebook equally perfect many
thanks for our beauty that gm 2003
better to find a great teacher and is
gaby gabi talk about you have some
known an envelope and in a bonus one
sister a friend someone who has
requirements to be in our old
cajeme a / are visited let's take
Name (s
daniela valenzuela daniela valenzuela
we are looking at the seven seas is a
full man laura brillas lauro
you shine how old are you 2020 and you measure
well, more or less
with a heel so much more
then it's time because you're on time
to register for this event
maybe I 'll stay very many thanks
what's your name today adif knows some
girl who meets the requirements of
measure 168 have between 18 and 23 years and
to be studying being single not to be
pregnant or having been pregnant
well look, I would say my girlfriend, girlfriend
-with her name is carla carlos yes but no
he has 18 then he still can not
participate I'm not worth you candidate
friend
and if it is mountains and their mountains that studies
lines and in what semester
third semester third semester and six
mountains we are looking for many
thank you and believe me I already found
claudia rodríguez claudia come here
let's go to interview you
they quickly tell me that you already
you participated in this beauty pageant
in which edition
this is how in 2010 I was participating
to see with the security and
He spoke before the camera and for us
They say it 's that I'm sorry for an addiction
is that no but well they saw claudia hey
would you like to participate again in
a contest like this one would be clear
Most beautiful is a wonderful experience
to all the girls who are watching us
participate in tele not be afraid is
very nice that so with that we give ourselves
thanks claver
and how do you see this is maybe the dream of
all the lady the hard thing will be in
find out who will be the next
representative of our city
remember they have until the 8th of
February to register so if the
come tell us who is